c:\users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\Content\Font.xnb
c:\users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\Content\Font.spritefont
c:\users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\Content\48k
c:\users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\Content\SpectrumContent.contentproj
c:\users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\Content\zexall
c:\users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\Content\zexdoc
c:\users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\TestProject2.dll
c:\users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\TestProject2.pdb
c:\users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\ZXSpectrum.exe
c:\users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\ZXSpectrum.pdb
c:\users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\ZXSpectrum_Accessor.exe
c:\users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\ZXSpectrum_Accessor.pdb
c:\users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\obj\Debug\TestProject2.dll
c:\users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\obj\Debug\TestProject2.pdb
c:\users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\tests.expected
c:\users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\tests.in
C:\Users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\Content\48.rom
C:\Users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\Z_80\Assembler\Mnemonics.txt
C:\Users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\Z_80\Assembler\OpcodeMap.txt
C:\Users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\Z_80\Assembler\Registers.txt
C:\Users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\Content\zexall.sna
C:\Users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\Content\hobbit.sna
C:\Users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\Content\JetPac.sna
C:\Users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\Content\test.SNA
C:\Users\samcruise\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\Content\miner.sna
C:\Users\samcruise\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
C:\Users\samcruise\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
C:\Users\samcruise\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
C:\Users\samcruise\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
C:\Users\samcruise\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
C:\Users\samcruise\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
C:\Users\samcruise\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ZXSpectrum\TestProject2\obj\Debug\TestProject2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
